docs: improve documentation around fileMatch being additive (#20084)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## fileMatch

`fileMatch` is used by Renovate to know which files in a repository to parse and extract.

> `fileMatch` is a mergeable field, i.e., patterns can be added to the default patterns of a manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fileMatch` patterns in user config are added to the default values and do not replace them.
```

> The default patterns cannot be removed.
> If you need to include or exclude specific paths use the `ignorePaths` or `includePaths` configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `fileMatch` patterns cannot be removed, so if you need to include or exclude specific paths then use the `ignorePaths` or `includePaths` configuration options.
```
